So now that we are getting the specific individual slices of
our state and we are passing those down to their individual components,
and we've also subscribed to our store.
So so our component will re-render whenever the store changes.
The next thing we want to do is build out our list component here,
so that we can actually start rendering those list items.
So first, let's go ahead and inside both of
our goals components as well as our todos components,
we will pass the list component
an item's prop and inside of goals this is going to be this.props.goals.
And inside of the Todos items is going to be this.props.todos.
And now what we want to do is inside
of list and instead of just rendering a single list item,
let's go ahead and call props.items.map.
So we want to map over all of the items.
And for each item,
what we want to do is we want to return or we want to render a list item.
So this is kind of typical of what we always do whenever we map over anything in React.
We need to give it a key of item.id.
And then now we'll wrap this in a span for now,
and we will just show item.name.
So now what should happen when we go and refresh our application?
If we add a new item to our Todo Lists,
let's say walk the dog,
we re-render our React component,
which then renders the list component passing
it all of the Todo items then we get Walk the dog.
So we can add another item here.
And then we can even add a new goal so we'll say Learn Redux and we also get our goal.
But the difference now between our Vanilla JavaScript app up here,
and our React application is,
up here with our Vanilla JavaScript app we are able to remove
items and we can't do that as of right now inside of our React app.
So let's go ahead and add that functionality.
So what we want to do, is let's make it so list also receives another prop.
Specifically a remove props.
So what we'll do is we'll add a button here.
And when this button is clicked,
we want to invoke prompts that
remove passing it the individual item that's being removed.
And just as we did in our other UI,
we will just have a capital X here.
And then now we need to make a sheet of all methods here.
So on Todo, let's go ahead and create
a removeItem method which will receive the todo item.
And then in order to remove it,
what we need to is dispatch is
this.props.store.dispatch Invoke our removeTodoAction
and then pass in the ID which we can get from todo.id.
And then now we can pass that method to our list component as remove.
So we'll say remove equals this.removeItem.
And then we're going to do something very similar inside of our goals component.
So we will say removeItem is going to take in a goal,
and then we will call this.props.store.dispatch(removeGoalAction() ).
In order to remove a specific goal,
we pass the goal ID.
And then now, with our list,
all we need to do is come in here and say remove is going to equal this.removeItem.
So now what should happen is we can add new items here,
again these are sharing the same state.
So they'll show up in both places.
And we can also remove them from our React app.
And then we can add a new goal and we can
also remove goals as well from our React application.